Docs 10711 se 20401 update dlb/tls docs hn (#490)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/lb-create-cli.adoc

* Create an Anypoint Virtual Private Cloud (Anypoint VPC) instance in the organization where you want to create a DLB.
* Create at least one certificate and private key for your certificate.

== Create a Load Balancer Using the CLI

Use this command to create a DLB from the CLI:

[source,linenums]
----
cloudhub load-balancer create myVPC myLB_name certificateName privateKey
----

This command specifies the Anypoint VPC instance _myVPC_ in which to create the DLB and the _certificateName_ and _privateKey_ that the DLB uses.

//NO RENAME SHARED
include::partial$no-rename.adoc[tag=noRenameDLB]

== Enable TLS 1.0 on a DLB Using the CLI

// TLS 1.0 Support
include::partial$tls-support.adoc[tag=tlsSupport]

To enable TLS 1.0 support on a DLB using the CLI: 

> . Run the following command to recreate the SSL endpoint for the _myLB_name_ load balancer and add TLS 1.0 support: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to re-create the SSL endpoint for the _myLB_name_ load balancer and add TLS 1.0 support: 
```
...because the unhyphenated presentation is a different word, per style ref.

+
[source,linenums]
----
cloudhub load-balancer ssl-endpoint add --tlsv1 myLB_name certificateName privateKey
----

> . Run the following command to set the _certificateName_ as the default SSL endpoint for the _myLB_name_ load balancer: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to set _certificateName_ as the default SSL endpoint for the _myLB_name_ load balancer: 
```
why ital instead of mono? GLOBAL
